Dominique Pozo: Throughout the whole and
Nathaniel Sims: I didn't have your
Nathaniel Sims: I guess I don't know. Do I call the virtual clinic every time.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah did
Dominique Pozo: Was that not clear to you.
Nathaniel Sims: Know I had, I had, I had
Nathaniel Sims: These other numbers written down, and I get a yes. None of them work so
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: I call them the
Nathaniel Sims: The 408 number before before every meeting.
Dominique Pozo: What I'm not sure what the actual numbers for the virtual clinic is that the 408 number
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I think that's the main number. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So yeah, so yeah, so before every group or before any individual session that we have, you need to call that for a number and and then they'll give you a link to what the zoom room that we're in.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, no problem. So we're going to do a bio Sykes social today, which is it's kind of like a lot of them just historical questions about what's you know what your history has been up until this point that you're now in the program.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I'm going to be
Dominique Pozo: Typing a bunch and
Dominique Pozo: Just so you know, I am with you and listening just actually recording everything that you say on to the note.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm just pulling up your file here. I was about to actually log off. I didn't think you were going to make it because it's already where
Nathaniel Sims: I knew that I
Nathaniel Sims: Might not because of work that I got out early and everything and I just didn't know what to what to do so. Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I'm glad I got the number, but I got it figured out. Yeah, me too. Okay.
So,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so the first
Dominique Pozo: The first part of the intake is just getting some basic information like can you tell me what
Dominique Pozo: Um, what what it's been quite reusing what what brought you to the program. Did you hit a super point that brought you here, just kind of
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I was using heroin.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: You know, alcohol, little bit of alcohol. Little bit of lead.
Nathaniel Sims: But mostly howling
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: I've tried
Nathaniel Sims: Multiple times to quit. I guess that
Nathaniel Sims: The longest I've probably been accident from it since.
Nathaniel Sims: Will say the year 2000 was probably about a year.
Nathaniel Sims: Like maybe 10 months or something like that. Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: And and then often on periodically for the last 20 years. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And how did this speak in what, how did your
You said
Nathaniel Sims: I had a friend. Well, I guess it started with pills pain pills.
Nathaniel Sims: And then I had a friend who who said he can get opium. He called it opium, but I know now with black tar heroin.
Nathaniel Sims: And he said it's cheaper and it's stronger.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: He said that it wasn't going to be addictive because it was opium. You know that
Dominique Pozo: Oh, gosh.
Nathaniel Sims: So, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
And
Dominique Pozo: So you said the longest
Dominique Pozo: You you
Dominique Pozo: You
Dominique Pozo: didn't use for a year. Were you in a treatment program. Can you hear me.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, you're kind of breaking up. Oh.
Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me now.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay. So I'm wondering when you had that one year where you weren't using anything. Were you in a in a treatment program or how did you how to do that.
Nathaniel Sims: No, I
Nathaniel Sims: I I told my parents about my problem. And they offer to buy me a plane ticket to Oregon, a one way plane ticket.
Nathaniel Sims: Where my, my older sister lived
Nathaniel Sims: And so I I decided
Nathaniel Sims: To just cold turkey and I flew out there.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: I guess I was probably clean for about three months and then i and then I was able to find it in Portland.
Nathaniel Sims: I used for about
Nathaniel Sims: Nine months.
Nathaniel Sims: Out there out in Oregon and then
Nathaniel Sims: I didn't like Oregon anymore. I was doing construction at the time, and it when it rains a lot Morgan and
Nathaniel Sims: They don't stop construction companies don't stop when it rains out there, otherwise they wouldn't be money.
Nathaniel Sims: So I decided I didn't want to be out there anymore and I
Nathaniel Sims: I bought a little truck for like 400 bucks and I loaded up all my stuff and
Nathaniel Sims: I was planning on driving back to Albuquerque. But I ended up
Nathaniel Sims: I ended up losing my wallet somewhere in California Stockton, California. I think
Nathaniel Sims: It's like $4,000 in it and
Nathaniel Sims: I had, I had broken $100 Bill and I had put the change in my front pocket. So I had about 60 bucks left and I
Nathaniel Sims: I was able to get enough gas to make it to Flagstaff
Nathaniel Sims: And I, I ran out of gas in Flagstaff, and I had a friend who lived in Albuquerque. He was kind of a mentor to me, he
Nathaniel Sims: He owned a mechanical shop here in Albuquerque, and he he
Nathaniel Sims: taught me how to work on cars and stuff. Well, he moved to Flagstaff, about six months prior to me running out of gas there so I ended up tracking him down and
Nathaniel Sims: It was it happened to be Thanksgiving Day.
Dominique Pozo: And
Nathaniel Sims: So he invited me over for for dinner.
Nathaniel Sims: And then he he knows my my situation with drugs.
Nathaniel Sims: And he said,
Nathaniel Sims: You don't want to go. You don't want to go back to Albuquerque that place. It's not a good place.
Nathaniel Sims: Though he offered room and I ended up staying there with him.
Nathaniel Sims: And him and his wife.
Nathaniel Sims: Were kind of keeping an eye on me.
Nathaniel Sims: And that's when I
Nathaniel Sims: You know, got about a year of cleanliness and without using anything. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So you were with. Okay, so you had. So you're with them in Flagstaff, and that was
Dominique Pozo: That was the year, the year of sobriety.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, and he he would drug test me
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Nathaniel Sims: And if I ever came up dirty, he, he said he would kick me out of the house.
Nathaniel Sims: And I ended up getting a job that day.
Nathaniel Sims: Doing construction.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: The same day, I ran out of gas. I, I met a guy at at the Thanksgiving dinner, who owned a construction company and he offered me a job. I started that Monday.
Nathaniel Sims: I kind of landed on my feet pretty good there and
Nathaniel Sims: And then just to get myself clean and busy.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, about a year, you know, and then and then
Nathaniel Sims: I think it started off with pills again.
Nathaniel Sims: pain pills and like it kind of just
Nathaniel Sims: went from that to
Nathaniel Sims: in Flagstaff stuffs, not a big town so it's
Nathaniel Sims: It's harder to find stuff there, but
Nathaniel Sims: I mean I eventually found it again.
Dominique Pozo: Okay and. And why do you think you started using again if you were kind of back
Dominique Pozo: On your feet. What, what was maybe the deeper layer of what moved you to start using again.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know. I guess I just
Nathaniel Sims: wasn't done with it. I mean, I
Nathaniel Sims: Don't know i i started like I said with the pills.
Nathaniel Sims: And I was able to kind of maintain
Nathaniel Sims: I don't, I don't know, I just bored. I don't know. Boredom or
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know. Okay.
Well,
Dominique Pozo: Did you ever
Nathaniel Sims: Hear breaking up again.
Dominique Pozo: After that, oh, shoot. How about now. Can you hear me now.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay. Just wondering, did you ever enter a program like some sort of intensive outpatient program or treatment facility.
Dominique Pozo: After that,
Nathaniel Sims: No, I, I went to na meetings, but
Nathaniel Sims: No, I didn't.
Nathaniel Sims: I, I actually found
Nathaniel Sims: Suboxone on the street.
Nathaniel Sims: And I use that to
Nathaniel Sims: I use it to quit several times. Like for
Nathaniel Sims: Like short spurts like
Nathaniel Sims: Couple months here and a couple months there.
Nathaniel Sims: And then I
Nathaniel Sims: When, when I would run out of or when I couldn't find it on the street, then I go back to
Nathaniel Sims: using heroin.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then during that this up until most recently, have you had any times when you were suicidal.
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then what led to
Dominique Pozo: You come into the program with a separate heart health. What, what happened that caused you to make this move.
Um,
Nathaniel Sims: Why I had it.
Nathaniel Sims: I had
Nathaniel Sims: met a girl who
Nathaniel Sims: Had done a Suboxone program not not with you guys, but she had done one
Nathaniel Sims: And she had given me the number to her doctor
Nathaniel Sims: And every time I call they'd say there was like a three month waiting period.
Nathaniel Sims: And so I would wait, you know, for three months. But that by by then I was back you know
Nathaniel Sims: Doing what I was doing and
Nathaniel Sims: So I could never make it to that.
Nathaniel Sims: initial visit with the doctor and in her program in the program sheets are good.
Nathaniel Sims: And so I
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know, I just, I guess I just started Googling it one day in
Nathaniel Sims: Your, your number pop jumped in.
Nathaniel Sims: And what
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: All right, we'll see you later.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay. So, okay.
Dominique Pozo: And one more thing when when you've been at your worst. What has that looked like for you.
Nathaniel Sims: Know I'm a highly functioning addict.
Nathaniel Sims: I guess it's like
Nathaniel Sims: I guess my worst has been like
Nathaniel Sims: Well you know when when I first started using
Nathaniel Sims: I, I remember I was homeless for like a year.
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, that was probably the worst but okay.
Nathaniel Sims: But that was a long time ago. Mm hmm.
Nathaniel Sims: I, I don't like
Nathaniel Sims: When I run out of money and as the ability to get anything is when I
Nathaniel Sims: When I would
Nathaniel Sims: Really stress out and start
Nathaniel Sims: You know, thinking that I need to change things, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: But i don't know i i just i learned China ration and
Nathaniel Sims: Doing, doing enough to get by, but not overdoing it.
Dominique Pozo: So, so aside from being homeless for that we are when you first started using it doesn't sound like you lost like jobs or your home. I imagine you probably lost some significant connections to people in your life.
Nathaniel Sims: Like, you're good.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm lost to fiance's and
Dominique Pozo: I
Nathaniel Sims: I've lost jobs. Yeah, sure. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So, so that's not really that I mean maybe highly functioning at times. Yet, if you're losing jobs and people that are very special to you, that seems like something's not functioning.
Nathaniel Sims: Right. Right. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. No, no, I'm I guess I'm highly functioning in the way that I
Nathaniel Sims: Have done it for 20 years and
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, I have, I have three degrees. I have bought us i i have I own I own like eight cars I
Nathaniel Sims: Mean
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And have you ever been diagnosed with any sort of
Dominique Pozo: Like mood disorder or any any diagnosis at all.
Nathaniel Sims: You know, I have, I have never really been to a doctor. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Is this your first time doing therapy.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: There was a time when my parents.
Nathaniel Sims: They made me live with a with a pastor a minister for a while.
Uh huh.
Nathaniel Sims: Like, I don't know what was probably like a month or two.
Nathaniel Sims: And I think it was kind of therapeutic. OK.
Dominique Pozo: OK.
Dominique Pozo: OK, and then okay now I'm gonna move to some family history. So can you tell me a little bit about
Dominique Pozo: What it was like growing up and how many siblings, you had
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I have.
Nathaniel Sims: I have three three sisters and a
Nathaniel Sims: Brother.
Nathaniel Sims: I have a twin sister. I have two older sisters and my brother is younger than I
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so you're kind of somewhat in the middle.
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: I grew up on an Indian Reservation in Arizona.
Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: I went to a Christian parochial schools from kindergarten to eighth grade.
Nathaniel Sims: I
Nathaniel Sims: graduated high school
Nathaniel Sims: And college
Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: My parents are still together.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And can you tell me a little bit about your mom. And if there's any history of substance use on her linear journey.
Mental
Nathaniel Sims: She I think she's bipolar. But she's like she's never been to adoption.
Nathaniel Sims: But I mean, for specifically those kinds of reasons, but
Nathaniel Sims: She
Nathaniel Sims: Her her brothers, I guess we're like,
Nathaniel Sims: cartel members and Mexico.
Nathaniel Sims: And they were in fact our one of our brothers died of an overdose.
Nathaniel Sims: Back in like 2007 Oh gosh. And I guess he was using heroin. I didn't know at the time, but
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, and and then her other brother.
Nathaniel Sims: Who was also part of
Nathaniel Sims: Drug running and
Nathaniel Sims: He, he died because of her
Nathaniel Sims: Now, malnutrition, I guess.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I don't really know the whole story. Okay. Okay. But I do know that they
Nathaniel Sims: They were definitely part of
Nathaniel Sims: You know, back in the 70s and 80s part of
Nathaniel Sims: Drugs and Drug running. Okay.
All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And how is your relationship with her with your mom.
Nathaniel Sims: You know it hasn't been great.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, she
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I don't
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know. She
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I don't, I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: What it seems like you're on the edge of saying something about her and
I'm just wondering
Dominique Pozo: What's coming up right now.
Dominique Pozo: Were you were you close to her at some point, and I could be completely miss perceiving. I'm just wondering if
Dominique Pozo: If you're
Dominique Pozo: If you're experiencing grief around the loss of the connection with her what's coming up.
Nathaniel Sims: This. The first time I remember
Nathaniel Sims: being hugged by her was when I got on the plane to go to Oregon.
Dominique Pozo: That's the first time that you ever remember being hugged by her
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Wow. Wow. How old are you,
Nathaniel Sims: 21
Dominique Pozo: So there wasn't much
Dominique Pozo: Much touch her affection or closeness that sounds like
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: I think that's why I gravitated towards her.
Dominique Pozo: And I would I would really agree i i recall one of my
Dominique Pozo: One of my most significant mentors told me once that when folks get, you know, drawn into and hooked on heroin.
Dominique Pozo: You know, like the great mother embracing there's a certain
Dominique Pozo: Weren't weren't that
Dominique Pozo: That comes with that and I really
Dominique Pozo: When you just said that it it kind of some of it makes some sense to me that you know maybe this substance offered you something that sounds like it was a huge missing piece for you this affection.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How have you and have you have you been able to find this in other ways in your life and have you been able to cultivate some
Dominique Pozo: I mean, this is a huge. This is a huge piece, not having that from mother is a piece that probably never goes away, but being able to start to create that for yourself in a way that's not self destructive.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Have you had. Have you had counseling with your mom or, no, no. It sounds like you've never been to a counselor, have y'all ever talked about these things.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, oh yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Uh huh. And how is. How has she has she been responsive.
Nathaniel Sims: Sort of, I mean she
Nathaniel Sims: She a few couple years ago, she had her own
Nathaniel Sims: bout of depression and I get it, it got really bad. And I remember she came over.
Nathaniel Sims: And she she apologized.
Nathaniel Sims: For not being a good mother.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: She said that
Nathaniel Sims: She felt like she needed to do that because
Nathaniel Sims: That was going to help her get over depression.
Dominique Pozo: To apologize to you.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I mean I think she went around all of us kids.
Nathaniel Sims: Had a had her little
Nathaniel Sims: Statement.
Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: I'm curious if that it sounds like from what you're telling me it was more for her, not so much for you. Do you feel like she's met you in a way that you've really needed for you, not just for her.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't think so, but
Nathaniel Sims: I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: I know she cares enough to want me to
Nathaniel Sims: To have a life without drugs in it. I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: She's willing to
Nathaniel Sims: She's loving God help me and
Nathaniel Sims: But I don't feel any kind of real closeness with her.
Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, she's she has treated all of our
Nathaniel Sims: All of us like shit and like my dad who
I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: Their, their relationship is like non existent. I think
Dominique Pozo: Have any of your other siblings have they dealt with addiction issues.
Nathaniel Sims: My oldest sister.
Nathaniel Sims: Use
That
Nathaniel Sims: To the point that
Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, my, my
Nathaniel Sims: My other sisters are like
Nathaniel Sims: Straight narrow
Nathaniel Sims: Like
Nathaniel Sims: One of them's a missionary and
Nathaniel Sims: And my twin sister.
Nathaniel Sims: Is never really done anything like what I've done.
Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: So,
Dominique Pozo: Let's just take a moment before we continue on and I have a feeling that let's I'm going to, I'm going to break this bio psychosocial up into two sessions. Just because we've only kind of gotten not even through half and I don't want to rush through anything or skip over
Dominique Pozo: What's coming up for you. So go ahead and if you could just take a moment and rub your hands together and create some warm for there.
Dominique Pozo: And wherever feels
Dominique Pozo: Like soothing and nourishing to place your hands. You know, maybe it's your cheeks. Maybe it's your chest or maybe it's like wrapping your arms, your hands around your shoulders and kind of
Dominique Pozo: Giving yourself a, an, yeah. Great. Okay, and just take a few deep breaths. They're just recognizing that you're
Dominique Pozo: You're here showing up for yourself in your recovery. And at this point, you know, unfortunately, you're an adult. Your parents already went through their parenting stage and they may or may not come around. But at this point it's
Dominique Pozo: You showing up for you in the way that maybe you needed. And if you can just take a moment and feel the care that you're giving yourself.
Dominique Pozo: And it definitely doesn't replace what was needed at another time.
Yet
Nathaniel Sims: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Hopefully we can keep working on ways that you can tend to that part that does tender.
Dominique Pozo: In your own time. When you're ready, what if you're you're hands that are here, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: I can contact with
Dominique Pozo: You if they could say something. If your hands could speak as you know as they're tending to you, what would they say
Dominique Pozo: About the you that has brought yourself to this program, what would that part of you say to the part that's been using for so long.
Nathaniel Sims: I guess, don't give up and
Nathaniel Sims: Put, put 110% into
Nathaniel Sims: Completing it
Nathaniel Sims: Just try to
Nathaniel Sims: Try to accomplish it.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Good.
Nathaniel Sims: I've been
Nathaniel Sims: I've gotten so many things accomplished, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: Even with this monkey on my back.
Dominique Pozo: It sounds like it sounds like you're very capable and I'm hearing your, your motivation and I'm I am wondering too and I want to know what
Dominique Pozo: Why do you want to do this at this time, you know, if you have been relatively functioning. What, what is the motivation at this time to
Nathaniel Sims: To stay clean I'm I just, I don't, I'm not happy.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't
Nathaniel Sims: It's not
Nathaniel Sims: It's not doing it for me.
Nathaniel Sims: I just hate the daily grind of being a drug addict.
Nathaniel Sims: It's so consuming
Nathaniel Sims: That you don't have much time for anything else.
Nathaniel Sims: And if you if you want time for something else. You have to really work at it. Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm just tired. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I mean something. I got from group was
Dominique Pozo: What I translated is that you want to contact your joy again.
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, nothing.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't get any satisfaction or anything.
Nathaniel Sims: Things they used to be satisfied or just
Nathaniel Sims: Every day.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think it's going to take time and as if, as some of the other
Dominique Pozo: Group members have named it has taken them time to
Dominique Pozo: Begin contacting that joy again.
Nathaniel Sims: Waking up
Dominique Pozo: Those parts of self epic once again.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm really glad you're in the program and i i i hear I hear your motivation and I hear that you're just even though you're able to function. You know, there's more and
Dominique Pozo: It's just not satisfying anymore.
Nathaniel Sims: Right, yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: We still have a little bit of time left in the session. So I'm, I'm thinking, let's
Dominique Pozo: Keep moving with the
Dominique Pozo: Family history. And then the last thing I just want to hear a little bit about your father. Are you willing to kind of switch gears and tell me a little bit about your father.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What was, what was your relationship with like with him, growing up.
Nathaniel Sims: Um, I thought it was great.
Nathaniel Sims: Uh huh. He was very, uh, he's like, super, super patient
Uh huh.
Nathaniel Sims: So he never almost never got frustrated or
Nathaniel Sims: Upset
Nathaniel Sims: And he always
Nathaniel Sims: He always
Nathaniel Sims: Tried to kick us and let us experience different things like we we go camping all the time.
Nathaniel Sims: Fishing and
Nathaniel Sims: Doing construction like he taught me how to work on houses.
Nathaniel Sims: Anything, anything any hobby that I wanted to wanted to try out he
Nathaniel Sims: He had no problem. It didn't matter what it costs or whatever he he always
Nathaniel Sims: Was willing to to let me try it. Even though even sometimes I would only be interested. It's like a couple weeks ago it
Nathaniel Sims: Was money on all this equipment.
Nathaniel Sims: But he didn't have a problem with it.
Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Go ahead. Good.
Nathaniel Sims: He's like the complete opposite of
Dominique Pozo: What is your relationship like with him. No.
Nathaniel Sims: It's, it's pretty good. I mean, the thing that I don't
Nathaniel Sims: And I guess.
Nathaniel Sims: You know he he is her husband, but
Nathaniel Sims: He will. He will
Nathaniel Sims: He will take my side.
Nathaniel Sims: Even though he knows it's wrong.
Dominique Pozo: And how has that played out between the dynamic with you and then
Nathaniel Sims: Just I mean there's there's been times where I haven't talked to them in years.
Nathaniel Sims: And not because I don't want to, but
Nathaniel Sims: Because he rather except that
Nathaniel Sims: My body is
Nathaniel Sims: Right, or
Nathaniel Sims: Is the right for whatever she's doing
Dominique Pozo: Sounds like he's very devoted to your mother.
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I don't think he has a choice.
Dominique Pozo: What does that mean,
Nathaniel Sims: Because she's she is very
Nathaniel Sims: Upbeat she she has been the, the head of the household.
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, she is the world calling the shots.
Nathaniel Sims: He
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm gonna, we're about halfway done there with the intake. So I'm going to stop there. And then we have a couple minutes left.
Dominique Pozo: So I, I recommend weekly sessions to start with. What's your availability and
Dominique Pozo: What are you, what are your thoughts. That's just my recommendation and you know as you progress in the program, then we can kind of, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, the later in the evening, the better. So me
Nathaniel Sims: I work like
Nathaniel Sims: Anywhere from seven to six. So, but, I mean, I can, I can make time
Nathaniel Sims: But sometimes I'm about the field and I don't get home, till
Nathaniel Sims: Because New Mexico goes from here, but new access to the big state.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I know I that's and that's fine because I'm in Hawaii and our time difference, it works out just fine. I'm four hours ahead of you all.
Dominique Pozo: The earlier than you also what what time in the evening is best for you that you know you can make it because
Dominique Pozo: I don't want to be scheduling things with you, potentially, making it potentially not that's that interferes with my schedule, too. So if you know a time that you actually can make it. What do you think that would be
Nathaniel Sims: I would say probably around 630
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I mean we can even do seven o'clock. If
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay. So, and we remind me. Is your group day on Tuesday or Wednesday.
Nathaniel Sims: Hold on.
Dominique Pozo: I can also look
Dominique Pozo: Looks like it's on Wednesday.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so let's um let me see if I've got a Tuesday slot.
Dominique Pozo: How about how about Thursdays at 7pm. Would that work for you.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to put you down.
Dominique Pozo: For the 21st. So, not this Thursday, but the next Thursday.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, at
At 7pm.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And for now, we'll just do it reoccurring so does weekly. How does that sound to you.
Nathaniel Sims: Sure that works.
Dominique Pozo: I think for now. That would be good. Let's see, so
Nathaniel Sims: We okay
Dominique Pozo: And we can revisit that in a month or two, and just see how how you're doing.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay, so I've got you for the 21st. We'll finish your BIOS like social then and
Dominique Pozo: And then I'll see you on group on Wednesday.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay. Sounds good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, take care. Have a great night.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay. Bye bye.
Right.
Dominique Pozo: And for whoever's transcribing I don't need this transcribed. I've been taking the notes and will complete his bio sex, social, I apologize. I wish I would have said this before the session. Thanks.